VMware: Rename results key to ansible_module_results (#55038)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/porting_guides/porting_guide_2.8.rst

* ``vmware_vm_facts`` used to return dict of dict with virtual machine's facts. Ansible 2.8 and onwards will return list of dict with virtual machine's facts.
  Please see module ``vmware_vm_facts`` documentation for example.

> * ``vmware_guest_snapshots`` module used to return result. Since Ansible 2.8 and onwards result is replaced by snapshot_results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``vmware_guest_snapshot`` module used to return ``results``. Since Ansible 2.8 and onwards ``results`` is a reserved keyword, it is replaced by ``snapshot_results``.
```
